    0.  what is javascript?
			JavaScript is a versatile programming language which means 
			it is capable of being used in different ways and in different environment like web browser, mobile app, server side and even in desktop application.
			it is primarily used for add interactivity and dynamic behavior in websites as it can runs on client side(means the processing happens on the user's computer, rather than on the web server).
			it is high level(abstracts away many of the complexities of lower-level languages), 
			interpreted(code is executed line by line), 
			dynamically typed(don't have to explicitly declare the data type of a variable. The JavaScript engine infers the type at runtime) language

    1.  What are the different data types in JavaScript?
			JS has two main categories of data types: Primitive and non-primitive(of reference)
				Primitive data types are immutable (means their values cannot be changed directly)
				and are stored directly in memory.
					number, string, boolean, null, undefined, symbol, bigInt

			    Non-primitive date types are mutable (their values can be changed), 
				and they stored as references to memory locations.
					object, array and functions
	2.	What is the difference between var, let, and const?
				They are the reserve keywords in js for declare variables, but they differ in their scope, hoisting behavior, and mutability.
				var- function(limited to that entire function) and 
					global(Global variables are properties of the global object (which is window in browsers and global in Node.js)) scope
					hoisting - var : undefined
					mutability - can be reassigned
				let - Variables declared with let are limited in scope to the block in which they are defined. 
				      A block is a section of code enclosed in curly braces {} (e.g., inside an if statement, a for loop, or a simple block).
					  hoisting - let: not defined
					  mutability - can be reassigned
				const - variables declared with const are also block-scoped.
						hoisting - let: not defined
					    mutability - can be reassigned
					The word "variable" in general programming terms, a "variable" is a named storage location in memory whose value can be changed (vary) during the execution of a program.

	3.	Explain the concept of hoisting in JavaScript.
	4.	What is the difference between == and ===?
	5.	What are truthy and falsy values in JavaScript?
	6.	What is a closure in JavaScript?
	7.	What is the scope of a variable? Explain block, function, and global scope.
	8.	What is the difference between undefined and null?
	9.	What are template literals in JavaScript?
	10.	What is the difference between forEach, map, and filter?


